>> Scott Moss: This is basically
the core of graphQL APIs.
If you never get into stitching APIs
together and having APIs gate graphQL
APIs gateways and interested in
data piper line stuff, this is it.
Everything else beyond this is like
I said, managing performance and
security and
how do you organize your app, that's it.
There's nothing more to it
than I just described to you.
So if you feel like you're missing
something, you're not, this is it.
I promise you, this is all it is.
You can look at the documentation for
Apollo, it's literally mostly that and
them trying to upsell you on stuff.
There is so many ways to authenticate,
and I'm gonna go over more detail on
the advanced one, but basically,
it depends on what you wanna protect.
Do you wanna protect the entire API?
Do you wanna protect one query?
Do you wanna protect one field?
You can do that in GraphQL.
It's up to you.
You can say, everything is
public except for this field.
Only admins can see this field and
then, you can do that.
And there's a lot of ways
just to do that one thing.
You can do it in logic, in your resolver.
You can create a custom directive
that takes in a level of user role or
something like that.
But obviously, the most simplest
thing that you could do right now
based off the stuff that we've been
doing so far would be just to go and
this is just to log down the host server.
Would be to go into Serverjs and
inside this context object,
you would lock it down here.
So basically this context object gets
access to the request object from Express.
ApolloServer is based off Express.
If you never used Express,
it's a server that's
based off something called Connect
which is something a long time ago.
But basically you get
the incoming request object here.
If you wanna get the headers on here,
you can say, reg.headers.authorization.
You get the authorization header here,
maybe you have jwto here or
something like that.
Whatever your auth schema is or
cookie, whatever that is.
And then you can async stuff in here so
then you can come in here and
be like cool, decoder jwt,
check the user of the database.
If none of that's good, then I'm just
gonna throw an error, throw error.
And I'll just try this right now,
not auth.
So let's just do that,
you'll see what I'm talking about.
So we'll just throw an error here,
>> Scott Moss: Where is this thing?
>> Scott Moss: Starts up,
looks innocent, looks good.
And then, boom, you try to create
something, it says you're not auth,
you can't do it.
So, that's probably the easiest way
to lock down your entire server.
But again, if you have sign up and
sign in implemented in your GraphQL server
then you can't lock down the whole server
because nobody can sign up or sign in.
So maybe you just wanna lock down
these parts or just these parts.
From there, you're gonna have to get
to like, if it is a middleware, or
directives, or hard coding your logic and
a resolver, that's basically it.
Any other questions?
>> Speaker 2: Can I ask a [INAUDIBLE]?
>> Scott Moss: Yes, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, [LAUGH] so
if you have an application
that has a bunch of services,
do people typically call those
services from within GraphQL?
Or do they start to deprecate those
services and do more in GraphQL?
>> Scott Moss: That's
the beauty about GraphQL.
It literally works with
any service you have.
You never have to ger rid of it,
you never have to change it.
You just throw GraphQL in front of it.
So, if you have a whole bunch of
services and you want to unify them,
the best approach is to
create what's called.
Well, are those services GraphQL
services or are they not?
>> Speaker 2: They're
not GraphQL services.
>> Scott Moss: That's easy.
If you're not doing GraphQL services,
then all you would do there is that
they solved this problem already.
You don't even need this,
it's just makes it easy, data sources.
But basically there's a thing
called data sources in Apollo, so
we have the models inside of our resolvers
that we use to query our database.
Data sources are used to query services.
So you just make a data service for
each single service that you wanna query.
And then you just inject
those into context.
Just like we did the database, just
like we had the models, just like we did
the user and inside your resolvers,
you can just call these data sources which
will call some service that you have
somewhere else, and that's basically it.
The resolvers don't care
where the data come from,
as long as they meet the shape
that's in the schema.
So I didn't talk about databases too much.
But as you would imagine, the reason I
built this database the way that I did is
because I wanted to abstract
away the database but I mean,
this is exactly what a database
thing will look like, anyway.
So you can imagine if
you would have went and
replaced this in the database,
it would work.
And like I said, resolvers can return
promises, they can also so async await.
So you can just return a promise here and
enter the resolver for you.
So, that's why I'm also
returning stuff here.
So, you can do whatever you want and
it still works.
It doesn't matter what database you want.
You can have multiple databases,
if you want.
Just pass them in, in the context
object and switch between them.
Doesn't matter,
you just gotta return that shape.
And then you have to figure out
caching and things like that.
Request-level caching is
a big thing in GraphQL.
How do you cache per request, right?
So if I'm asking for the same thing
over and over and over again,
each one of these is a database.
I already got this owner up here,
why do I have to get it here, and
why do I have to get it here again?
I should be able to cache that
specifically just for this request.
So there's like request level caching and
memory that they use.
There's persistent caching in something
like Redis or MIM SQL or MIM cache or
whatever like that.
So there's different types of caching,
but request level caching is probably
the one that people get into the most.
And you could use something, and
I think that's what this data source does.
This data source handles a lot of that
request level caching and then something
like data loader is something that
also handles request level caching.
And you can use those in combination,
data loader and data sources.